Batched vector search (#92)
qdrant/bfb: README.md

          Number of connections to open from the client to the server [default: 1]
  -b, --batch-size <POINTS>
          Batch size for updates, in number of points. [default=100] [default: 100]
      --search-batch-size <POINTS>

>           Batch size for updates, in number of points (no batching by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Batch size for searches, in number of searches per batch (no batching by default)
```
